[OSDOCS#17012]: CQA bare metal troubleshooting abstract and basic changes (#118596)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/ipi-install-troubleshooting-bootstrap-vm-inspecting-logs.adoc

[id="ipi-install-troubleshooting-bootstrap-vm-inspecting-logs_{context}"]
= Inspecting logs

[role="_abstract"]
When experiencing issues downloading or accessing the {op-system} images, first verify that the URL is correct in the `install-config.yaml` configuration file.

**Example of internal webserver hosting {op-system} images**

> 

Reviewer: I think for formatting consistency, this should just be made to a proper block title for the code block:

```suggestion
.Example of internal webserver hosting {op-system} images
```

Author: Added "See the following example of internal webserver hosting {op-system} images:"

+
If the bootstrap VM cannot access the URL to the images, use the `curl` command to verify that the VM can access the images.

. Inspect the system and bootstrap logs to verify if all the containers launched during the deployment phase:
.. Inspect the system logs by running the following command:
+
[source,terminal]
----
[core@localhost ~]$ journalctl -xe
----

> .. Inspect the `bootkube` logs to check bootstrap progress by running the following command:

Reviewer: This is a great rewrite, though I want to share that this issue can be resolved by just adding "commands" after "execute the following" (we can have steps that have [multiple commands](https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/blob/main/contributing_to_docs/doc_guidelines.adoc#single-command-per-code-block)).

So for simplicity I would revert the changes here and simply rewrite a bit of the original step:

```suggestion
. Inspect the `bootkube` logs that indicate if all the containers launched during the deployment phase by running  the following commands:
+
[source,terminal]
----
[core@localhost ~]$ journalctl -xe
----
```

(admittedly the step is a mouthful to read, but that's not an issue to resolve during this phase of CQA)
